Do you know each other? Yes.
Know. Know. Know. Know.
Know. Know. Know. Know. Know.
Know. Know. Know. Know. Know. Know. Know.
Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize. Recognize.
I know you. I know you. You know me. You sit down first, Sister Lin.
You come with me
I already want to give it to his uncle
I'm telling you
my thing
Just let him intervene
We have worked together since childhood
Love sisters
Your business is my business
If you want me to care about you
Unless our sisterly love
One knife or two is fine
I'll drink until she's done pretending
Remember what I didn’t say
Don’t say complicated things when you shouldn’t say them. I’ve seen you angry before.